Hi, my name is Andrew Bray. I'm an Associate Teaching Professor at UC Berkeley in Statistics.
I'd like to tell you my top three reasons why you should take the Advanced Quarto with
R and RStudio workshop at PositConf this summer. Reason number one, projects in person. One
of the real strengths of Quarto and one of the focuses of this advanced workshop is on
Quarto projects. These are complex works like websites and books that allow you to
unite many different documents into a single published work. This can be challenging to
learn because instead of just looking at a single file, you're looking at many documents
that exist in a directory that has a particular structure. So for this workshop, we'll be
preparing ahead of time several project directories that will help guide exercises, each one focusing
on a different aspect of project functionality. So a big part of this workshop will just
be looking at the structure of these directories together in person. And this is really a terrific
environment to learn how these things work. Reason number two, programming plus authoring.
If you're coming to PositConf, I know you like programming. If you're interested in
Quarto, I also know you like authoring and publishing documents. In this workshop, we'll
look at some of the advanced features of Quarto where programming and authoring start
to merge. We'll look at how to pass variables through documents and how to implement listings.
We'll also see how to do conditional formatting and how to set up project profiles. We'll
learn how Quarto allows you to, in essence, apply programming principles to the authoring
of your documents. That's a powerful paradigm. Reason number three, ask the experts. Quarto
has grown leaps and bounds over the last two years, and there are more exciting changes
that are in the works. We'll be visited in this workshop by the project's primary developers.
This will give you a chance to ask them some questions and hear about what's happening
at the cutting edge of Quarto. So if you're ready to expand what you can do with this
powerful new tool, please join us at the workshop in Chicago. We hope to see you there.